20w30a (from 20w29a)

Total: 4776 (+2, -0)

Additions:
	Added "advancements.sad_label": ":("
	Added "commands.summon.failed.uuid": "Unable to summon entity due to duplicate UUIDs"

Changes:
	Changed "advancements.nether.create_beacon.description" from "Construct and place a Beacon" to "Construct and place a beacon"
	Changed "advancements.nether.use_lodestone.description" from "Use a Compass on a Lodestone" to "Use a compass on a Lodestone"
	Changed "commands.reload.failure" from "Reload failed, keeping old data" to "Reload failed; keeping old data"
	Changed "container.enchant.level.requirement" from "Level requirement: %s" to "Level Requirement: %s"
	Changed "datapackFailure.title" from "Errors in currently selected datapacks prevented world from loading.\nYou can either try to load only with vanilla datapack (\"safe mode\") or go back to title screen and fix it manually." to "Errors in currently selected datapacks prevented the world from loading.\nYou can either try to load it with only the vanilla data pack (\"safe mode\"), or go back to the title screen and fix it manually."
	Changed "death.attack.witherSkull" from "%1$s was shot by a %2$s's skull" to "%1$s was shot by a skull from %2$s"
	Changed "deathScreen.spectate" from "Spectate world" to "Spectate World"
	Changed "deathScreen.title" from "You died!" to "You Died!"
	Changed "deathScreen.title.hardcore" from "Game over!" to "Game Over!"
	Changed "deathScreen.titleScreen" from "Title screen" to "Title Screen"
	Changed "debug.creative_spectator.error" from "Unable to switch gamemode, no permission" to "Unable to switch gamemode; no permission"
	Changed "debug.cycle_renderdistance.help" from "F3 + F = Cycle render distance (Shift to invert)" to "F3 + F = Cycle render distance (shift to invert)"
	Changed "debug.gamemodes.error" from "Unable to open game mode switcher, no permission" to "Unable to open game mode switcher; no permission"
	Changed "event.minecraft.raid.raiders_remaining" from "Raiders remaining: %s" to "Raiders Remaining: %s"
	Changed "gamerule.category.updates" from "World updates" to "World Updates"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.moreRecipes" from "Right Click for more" to "Right Click for More"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.all" from "Showing all" to "Showing All"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.blastable" from "Showing blastable" to "Showing Blastable"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.craftable" from "Showing craftable" to "Showing Craftable"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.smeltable" from "Showing smeltable" to "Showing Smeltable"
	Changed "gui.recipebook.toggleRecipes.smokable" from "Showing smokable" to "Showing Smokable"
	Changed "gui.toMenu" from "Back to server list" to "Back to Server List"
	Changed "gui.toTitle" from "Back to title screen" to "Back to Title Screen"
	Changed "item.modifiers.chest" from "When on body:" to "When on Body:"
	Changed "item.modifiers.feet" from "When on feet:" to "When on Feet:"
	Changed "item.modifiers.head" from "When on head:" to "When on Head:"
	Changed "item.modifiers.legs" from "When on legs:" to "When on Legs:"
	Changed "item.modifiers.mainhand" from "When in main hand:" to "When in Main Hand:"
	Changed "item.modifiers.offhand" from "When in off hand:" to "When in Off Hand:"
	Changed "jigsaw_block.joint_label" from "Joint type:" to "Joint Type:"
	Changed "jigsaw_block.pool" from "Target pool:" to "Target Pool:"
	Changed "jigsaw_block.target" from "Target name:" to "Target Name:"
	Changed "menu.paused" from "Game paused" to "Game Paused"
	Changed "mount.onboard" from "Press %1$s to dismount" to "Press %1$s to Dismount"
	Changed "multiplayerWarning.message" from "Caution: Online play is offered by third-party servers that are not owned, operated, or supervised by Mojang or Microsoft. During online play, you may be exposed to unmoderated chat messages or other types of user-generated content that may not be suitable for everyone." to "Caution: Online play is offered by third-party servers that are not owned, operated, or supervised by Mojang Studios or Microsoft. During online play, you may be exposed to unmoderated chat messages or other types of user-generated content that may not be suitable for everyone."
	Changed "optimizeWorld.confirm.title" from "Optimize world" to "Optimize World"
	Changed "options.graphics.fabulous.tooltip" from "%s graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds and particles behind translucent blocks and water.\nThis may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays." to "%s graphics uses screen shaders for drawing weather, clouds, and particles behind translucent blocks and water.\nThis may severely impact performance for portable devices and 4K displays."
	Changed "options.graphics.fancy.tooltip" from "Fancy graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.\nWeather, clouds and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water." to "Fancy graphics balances performance and quality for the majority of machines.\nWeather, clouds, and particles may not appear behind translucent blocks or water."
	Changed "options.graphics.fast.tooltip" from "Fast graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.\nTransparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as tree-leaves." to "Fast graphics reduces the amount of visible rain and snow.\nTransparency effects are disabled for various blocks such as leaves."
	Changed "options.graphics.warning.accept" from "Continue without support" to "Continue without Support"
	Changed "options.graphics.warning.cancel" from "Take me back" to "Take me Back"
	Changed "pack.dropConfirm" from "Do you want to add following packs to Minecraft?" to "Do you want to add the following packs to Minecraft?"
	Changed "pack.incompatible.confirm.new" from "This pack was made for a newer version of Minecraft and may no longer work correctly." to "This pack was made for a newer version of Minecraft and may not work correctly."
	Changed "record.nowPlaying" from "Now playing: %s" to "Now Playing: %s"
	Changed "structure_block.mode_info.corner" from "Corner mode - placement and size marker" to "Corner Mode - Placement and Size Marker"
	Changed "structure_block.mode_info.data" from "Data mode - game logic marker" to "Data mode - Game Logic Marker"
	Changed "structure_block.mode_info.load" from "Load mode - load from file" to "Load mode - Load from File"
	Changed "structure_block.mode_info.save" from "Save mode - write to file" to "Save Mode - Write to File"
	Changed "structure_block.show_air" from "Show invisible blocks:" to "Show Invisible Blocks:"
	Changed "structure_block.show_boundingbox" from "Show bounding box:" to "Show Bounding Box:"
	Changed "subtitles.item.armor.equip_turtle" from "Turtle shell thunks" to "Turtle Shell thunks"
	Changed "title.multiplayer.disabled" from "Multiplayer is disabled, please check your launcher settings." to "Multiplayer is disabled. Please check your launcher settings."

