13w48a (from 13w47e)

Total: 1681 (+20, -11)

Additions:
	Added "key.fullscreen": "Toggle Fullscreen"
	Added "stream.unavailable.account_not_bound": "Before you can broadcast Minecraft through Twitch, you will need to link your Twitch account on mojang.com. Would you like to do that now?"
	Added "stream.unavailable.account_not_bound.okay": "Link Accounts"
	Added "stream.unavailable.failed_auth": "Authentication to Twitch failed. Please go to mojang.com and rebind your Twitch account."
	Added "stream.unavailable.failed_auth.okay": "Rebind Accounts"
	Added "stream.unavailable.failed_auth_error": "Unable to authenticate to Twitch. Please try again later."
	Added "stream.unavailable.initialization_failure": "Unable to initialize the Twitch SDK."
	Added "stream.unavailable.initialization_failure.extra": "(Reason: %s)"
	Added "stream.unavailable.library_arch_mismatch": "The custom java version used to launch Minecraft has a different architecture than the one used to run the launcher. Please make sure these are the same, either 32-bit or 64-bit for both."
	Added "stream.unavailable.library_failure": "Unable to load the libraries needed for the integrated Twitch broadcasting service."
	Added "stream.unavailable.no_fbo": "Your video card needs to support at least OpenGL version 3.0 or support Framebuffer Objects via an extension to use the integrated Twitch broadcasting."
	Added "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.arb": "Framebuffer object support via ARB is: %s"
	Added "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.blend": "Separate blending support via EXT is: %s"
	Added "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.ext": "Framebuffer object support via EXT is: %s"
	Added "stream.unavailable.no_fbo.version": "You are currently using: %s"
	Added "stream.unavailable.not_supported.mac": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting on Mac requires a version of OSX newer than the one you are on. You must use 10.8 (Mac OS X Mountain Lion) or newer to be able to use this service. Would you like to visit apple.com to learn about upgrading?"
	Added "stream.unavailable.not_supported.mac.okay": "Upgrade"
	Added "stream.unavailable.not_supported.other": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting service requires Windows (Vista or newer) or Mac OS X (10.8/Mountain Lion or newer)"
	Added "stream.unavailable.not_supported.windows": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting requires a newer version of Windows than you are on. You must have at least Windows Vista or newer."
	Added "stream.unavailable.report_to_mojang": "Report to Mojang"

Removals:
	Removed "stream.unavailable.archMismatch": "The custom java version used to launch Minecraft has a different architecture than the one used to run the launcher. Please make sure these are the same, either 32-bit or 64-bit for both."
	Removed "stream.unavailable.initializationFailure": "Unfortunately your computer does not support the integrated Twitch broadcasting service."
	Removed "stream.unavailable.initializationFailure.extra": "(Reason: %s)"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.noFbo": "Your videocard needs to support at least OpenGL version 1.5 to use the integrated Twitch broadcasting."
	Removed "stream.unavailable.noFbo.extra": "You are currently using: %s"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notLoggedIn": "Before you can broadcast Minecraft through Twitch, you will need to link your Twitch account on mojang.com. Would you like to go do that now?"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notLoggedIn.okay": "Link Accounts"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notOnline": "You cannot broadcast to Twitch whilst you are playing offline. Please go online and restart Minecraft."
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notSupported.mac": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting on Mac requires a version of OSX newer than the one you are on. You must use 10.8 (Mac OS X Mountain Lion) or newer to be able to use this service. Would you like to visit apple.com to learn about upgrading?"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notSupported.mac.okay": "Upgrade"
	Removed "stream.unavailable.notSupported.other": "Unfortunately the integrated Twitch broadcasting service requires Windows (Vista or newer) or Mac OS X (10.8/Mountain Lion or newer)"

Changes:
	Changed "stream.unavailable.unknown" from "Unfortunately you cannot broadcast to Twitch at this time. This may mean that your computer cannot support streaming, but it may also be that Twitch is unavailable right now. Please try again later!" to "Unfortunately you cannot broadcast to Twitch at this time. And we don't know why :'("

